welcome to a new I mean free spoke of
God colors that just at Orioles like
amazing things like anymore you know
here comes Lisa budget for today yes
it cost nothing to make this mask is
just free
[Music]
[Applause]
it is here a lot of the masks that I'm
afraid it's just a piece of trash but
it's funny for Halloween you could paint
it over a bit you can make that kind of
right behind it that it will fit be on
your head and what is you the work would
our bands do so it's just matter how you
want to do that that this is almost a
mask for Halloween you can do get some
good political
[Music]
paper over here and the put it in the
eyes and painted black or whatever you
want
so Jason just 8/4 gives me the next time
you wanna see to make it convenient
storage that is in your head or the
chest of whatever you want Aaron yes
because hey - Oh bleep
but next time subscribe and command
great out make all sorts of art
tutorials and videos and just fun okay
see you next time guy or girl whatever